{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12400\viewh10040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1) WebGL, and how it'll change the way you use your browser.	\
2) Web Graphics Library - (non-crappy) 3D Animation! - A play on OpenGL.\
3) Why is it different? Based on the embedded OpenGL specification (this means it'll work on cell phones without watering anything down)\
4) How do I use it? Firefox, Chrome, Safari -- Khronos group. Coming soon to a browser near you (probably this year).\
5) Replaces 3D in Flash and Java (the #1 cause of web browser crashes).\
6) Hardware acceleration from javascript (run a program on the CPU and the GPU at the same time, dramatically speeding things up).\
7) How does someone use WebGL?\
8) Create a javascript program that generates all of the points of your model in 3d space.\
9) Create a program that does lighting and textures (and make it run on the video card, not the CPU)\
10) Send your textures and points. Want animation? Send more points after you draw a frame.\
11) So how will it change how I use the browser? \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 12) Education\'85. a really impressive solar system of dancing planets\'85 http://www.nihilogic.dk/labs/webgl_musical_solar_system/\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 12) Games! Quake 2/3 in WebGL. (http://media.tojicode.com/q3bsp/)\
13) World of Warcraft (Well, just a model viewer so far\'85 http://code.google.com/p/wowmodelviewer/)\
14) You don't have to download and install anything. You just fire up your web browser and go to an address.\
15) Yeah, so what. We get 3D in our browser, is that it?\
16) CPU (motherboard) Long program, do one thing after another (think of a *six* lane highway going completely across the country).  A high-end Intel CPU has 6 cores.\
17) GPU (video card, WebGL) Very short program, but it's used many times with different data at the same time. (think of a 450 lane lane highway that only goes a single mile). (A high-end nvidia GPU has about 450 cores).\
18) So now we have the groundwork for things like speech recognition, machine vision, machine learning, pattern recognition, large-scale real time simulations of fluids, etc. All in your web browser.\
19) My personal WebGL project, a "Google Earth"-like program written entirely in Javascript.\
20)}